Sixgill name field Move To Tags (#14710)
demisto/content: Packs/Sixgill-Darkfeed/ReleaseNotes/2_0_5.md

#### Integrations
##### Sixgill DarkFeed Threat Intelligence

> - **Breaking Change:**: Removed the `name` indicator field from fetched indicators. Moved the `name` indicator field value to tags.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Breaking Change:**: Removed the `name` indicator field from fetched indicators. Added its value instead to the tags indicator field.
```
